audience intelligence for local whiskey for me until the automotive team Advanced and grew in Pittsburgh by was one of the top billing aee's for the automotive space
and my number one Advertiser pretty much every schedule we built for them was based on
ail I've most likely crunched more
obvious intelligence for local schedules than
most of my counterparts into business
say for example Walmart owners
and were able to Target those folks so it's knowing what they watch and how they watch television we build a specific to that group The System takes a look at
available inventory in the given area which you're going to be advertising and area being both local Zone and time frame and builds a bus schedule based upon the network to make the most amount of sense for the qualitative Target
that you have we can do more for you
I am not space than the competition
NOTE lang en